# Skater-.NET-Obfuscator
Skater .NET Obfuscator is an obfuscation tool for .NET code protection. It implements all known software protection techniques and obfuscation algorithms.

The Skater .NET Obfuscator is a comprehensive professional solution for .NET application code protection. With Skater .NET Obfuscator you can easily protect Microsoft .NET framework applications from reverse engineering, code modification and intellectual property theft. The obfuscated application code is more protected and unreadable because the program logic is very confusing after obfuscation process applied to the original readable code. You can use dll obfuscation, executable obfuscation, Control Flow obfuscation, String Encryption obfuscation, Reference obfuscation and MetaData obfuscation techniques. All namespaces, classes, Methods, variables name and custom attributes in .NET application get obfuscated.

Skater .NET Obfuscator provides the feature of exclusion for your obfuscate code. You can configure the settings for the assembly that you want to exclude from obfuscation process. You can easily debug obfuscated .NET applications with Skater Visual Studio .NET integration module. This module integrates with Microsoft Visual Studio IDE and allows you to debug obfuscated software step by step without deobfuscating it first. It is possible to debug an application even if some parts of its code are obfuscated and others not.

The protect .NET project maintains compatibility with older languages and frameworks, but very often developers will run into problems when they try to start using it and their old framework isn't compatible. In practice, this means that you can't create a project using C# and create a NuGet package using VB.NET, or vice versa. On the other hand, the .NET obfuscator is a tool that was created by Rustemsoft in order to make it difficult for reverse engineers, who are trying to learn .NET or decompile code, from understanding what is happening under the covers. .NET obfuscator was created in order to stop people from writing code that attempts to plagiarize intellectual property’s software products. The idea behind this software is that when coding with the newly written program, other people wouldn't be able to open it or understand what was happening inside of it.

The C# obfuscator takes code and runs it through a series of functions and subroutines to make it difficult to read, track, and understand. The Skater obfuscator tool is designed to make code more difficult to read, by adding meaningless characters in front of the letters in a program. It was originally intended for security auditing and penetration testing. Some use it to hide sensitive information within source code where it would be more difficult for outsiders to find, while others use it purely as a form of amusement.

